Extend the top interaction scope to cleanup methods (#2366)
spockframework/spock: docs/release_notes.adoc

=== Breaking Changes

* Mock/Stub checks on `Comparable<T>` with `T` being something other than `Object` now compare using the java identity hash code instead of always being equal spockIssue:2352[]

> * Interactions outside a `then:` block are now still active in an eventually existing `cleanup` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interactions outside a `then:` block are now still active in any eventually existing `cleanup` methods.
```
